it's the AC and nigga fuck the rest
dallas to new york jigga with the best
vietnam to japan to mongolia philippines
to taiwan to cambodia korea ah ah
hometown china who you got huh you got
shit nigga feel the size it's an ATM
better recognize got rice bitch got rice
got food got soup got spice got brains
like us got skills like a got cars got
clothes got girls like us what's up we
the shit and we kill your food we got
money in the bank from our family jewel
can we help it if we raided grew up the
school it don't matter fucking la should
we break the rule which I cars Arcangel
we got the tools hoop it up break it
down then we choose would fuck me you
fuck ball bitch don't think is cool one
on one fuck that is 301 no tools got
rice bitch got rice anything you can
show that it's nice gotta stop Blue's
got thoughts like a fuck no hell you why
you'll never be like us take off your
shoes
and to please I'll crawl around on the
floor with your fucking knees don't mind
the smell you'll get used to it
mothballs fried squid and that Buddha
shit what the hell is that you think I
don't see no forks in the house
chopsticks only have a taste don't be
scared try the lemon tea you don't want
that's all right try the fuck only got
rice bitch got rice got luck any time
you roll the dice your luck is bad
unless you running high cuz we thug for
life baby agent pride
you